time : 1 |   id : 0   is eating
time : 1 |   id : 1   is eating
time : 1 |   id : 2   is eating
time : 21 |   id : 0   is sleeping
time : 21 |   id : 1   is sleeping
time : 21 |   id : 2   is sleeping
time : 41 |   id : 0   is thinking
time : 41 |   id : 0   is eating
time : 41 |   id : 1   is thinking
time : 41 |   id : 1   is eating
time : 41 |   id : 2   is thinking
time : 42 |   id : 2   is eating
time : 61 |   id : 0   is sleeping
time : 61 |   id : 1   is sleeping
time : 62 |   id : 2   is sleeping
time : 81 |   id : 0   is thinking
time : 81 |   id : 0   is eating
time : 81 |   id : 1   is thinking
time : 81 |   id : 1   is eating
time : 82 |   id : 2   is thinking
time : 82 |   id : 2   is eating
time : 101 |   id : 0   is sleeping
time : 102 |   id : 1   is sleeping
time : 102 |   id : 2   is sleeping
time : 122 |   id : 0   is thinking
time : 122 |   id : 0   is eating
time : 122 |   id : 1   is thinking
time : 122 |   id : 1   is eating
time : 122 |   id : 2   is thinking
time : 122 |   id : 2   is eating
time : 142 |   id : 0   is sleeping
time : 142 |   id : 1   is sleeping
time : 142 |   id : 2   is sleeping
time : 162 |   id : 0   is thinking
time : 162 |   id : 0   is eating
time : 162 |   id : 1   is thinking
time : 162 |   id : 1   is eating
time : 162 |   id : 2   is thinking
time : 162 |   id : 2   is eating
time : 182 |   id : 0   is sleeping
time : 182 |   id : 1   is sleeping
time : 183 |   id : 2   is sleeping
time : 202 |   id : 0   is thinking
time : 202 |   id : 0   is eating
time : 203 |   id : 1   is thinking
time : 203 |   id : 1   is eating
time : 203 |   id : 2   is thinking
time : 203 |   id : 2   is eating
time : 223 |   id : 0   is sleeping
time : 223 |   id : 1   is sleeping
time : 223 |   id : 2   is sleeping
time : 243 |   id : 0   is thinking
time : 243 |   id : 0   is eating
time : 243 |   id : 1   is thinking
time : 243 |   id : 1   is eating
time : 243 |   id : 2   is thinking
time : 243 |   id : 2   is eating
time : 263 |   id : 0   is sleeping
time : 263 |   id : 1   is sleeping
time : 263 |   id : 2   is sleeping
time : 283 |   id : 0   is thinking
time : 283 |   id : 0   is eating
time : 283 |   id : 1   is thinking
time : 283 |   id : 1   is eating
time : 284 |   id : 2   is thinking
time : 284 |   id : 2   is eating
time : 303 |   id : 0   is sleeping
time : 303 |   id : 1   is sleeping
time : 304 |   id : 2   is sleeping
time : 323 |   id : 0   is thinking
time : 323 |   id : 0   is eating
time : 324 |   id : 1   is thinking
time : 324 |   id : 1   is eating
time : 324 |   id : 2   is thinking
time : 324 |   id : 2   is eating
time : 344 |   id : 0   is sleeping
time : 344 |   id : 1   is sleeping
time : 344 |   id : 2   is sleeping
time : 364 |   id : 0   is thinking
time : 364 |   id : 0   is eating
time : 364 |   id : 1   is thinking
time : 364 |   id : 1   is eating
time : 364 |   id : 2   is thinking
time : 364 |   id : 2   is eating
Every philo has eaten
